fix: update apis-manager doc (#1648)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@o3r/apis-manager/README.md

[![Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@o3r/apis-manager?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@o3r/apis-manager)
[![Bundle Size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@o3r/apis-manager?color=green&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@o3r/apis-manager)

> This module is doing the link between the SDK generated based on your APIs using the [Otter generator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ama-sdk/schematics), and your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module links the SDK generated from your APIs using the [Otter generator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ama-sdk/schematics) to your application.
```

In simpler terms, it offers services to facilitate communication with your APIs.
Its responsibility is to provide an API configuration to a service factory. This enables the factory to create an API instance with the right configurations.

> It contains a default configuration and a map of specific configurations for API / set of API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains a default configuration and a map of specific configurations for an API or a set of APIs.
```

## Usage

The API Manager Module will need to be imported and configured at **application level**, which will then be used by the **ApiFactory** service.

### Application side configuration

> The **ApiManager** requires the default Api Client, which will be utilized across all APIs. It supports a second parameter that allows to define specific Api Client per APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **ApiManager** requires the default API Client, which will be used across all APIs. It supports a second parameter that allows to define specific API Client configurations to set or override per API.
```

In the example that follows, we define the default base configuration that API classes will use, as well as a custom configuration for the 'ExampleApi'.

> The plugins and fetch client are from _@ama-sdk/core_ module, but custom ones can be created if needed. More details on _@ama-sdk/core_ [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ama-sdk/core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugins and fetch client are from the _@ama-sdk/core_ module, but custom ones can be created if needed. More details on _@ama-sdk/core_ [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ama-sdk/core).
```

## Usage

The API Manager Module (`ApiManagerModule`) needs to be imported and configured at **application level**, which will then be used by the **ApiFactory** service.

### Application side configuration

> The **ApiManager** requires the default API Client, which will be used across all APIs. It supports a second parameter that allows to define specific API Client to set or override per API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **ApiManager** requires the default API Client, which will be used across all APIs. It supports a second parameter that allows to define specific a API Client to set or override per API.
```

OR 

```suggestion
The **ApiManager** requires the default API Client, which will be used across all APIs. It supports a second parameter that allows to define specific API Client configurations to set or override per API.
```

Author: updated with the first proposal

In the example that follows, we define the default base configuration that API classes will use, as well as a custom configuration for the 'ExampleApi'.

> The plugins and fetch client are from the _@ama-sdk/core_ module, but custom ones can be created if needed. More details on _@ama-sdk/core_ [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ama-sdk/core).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The plugins and fetch client come from the ``@ama-sdk/core`` module, but custom ones can be created if needed as long as they follow the ``ApiClient`` interface from ``@ama-sdk/core``. More details on ``@ama-sdk/core`` [here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ama-sdk/core).
```

```typescript
import { ApiFetchClient, ApiKeyRequest, JsonTokenReply, JsonTokenRequest, ReviverReply, ExceptionReply } from '@ama-sdk/core';
import { ApiManager, ApiManagerModule } from '@o3r/apis-manager';

const PROXY_SERVER = "https://your-enpoint-base-path";
export const apiManager = new ApiManager(
  new ApiFetchClient({
    basePath: PROXY_SERVER,
    requestPlugins: [new ApiKeyRequest('YourApiKey', 'Authorization')]
  }),

  {

>     ExampleApi: // <-- custom config for ExampleApi, using jsonToken plugins. If fields are not provided, the default ones will be used.

Author: The one define in line 48 applies for all APIs, so that's the reference here. I will update to specify this clear. :)

}
```

### Enforce custom API usage

> Some users may want to enforce existing components or services to use a specific Sdk instead of default API SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some users may want to enforce existing components or services to use a specific SDK instead of the default API SDK.
```

> To do so, the **INITIAL_APIS_TOKEN** will allow to indicate to the **ApiFactory**, the class they will need to use (instead of default ones).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, the **INITIAL_APIS_TOKEN** will allow to indicate to the **ApiFactory** which class it must use (instead of default ones).
```

In the AppModule:

> 

Reviewer: lines 142-144: providers is an array so replace the {} by []

> To do so, the **INITIAL_APIS_TOKEN** will allow to indicate to the **ApiFactory** which class it must use (instead of default ones).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do so, the ``INITIAL_APIS_TOKEN`` will allow to indicate to the ``ApiFactory`` which class it must use instead of default ones.
```
